Copyright 1998 Sky Publishing Corporation. S&T's Weekly News Bulletin and
Sky at a Glance stargazing calendar are provided as a service to the
astronomical community by the editors of SKY & TELESCOPE magazine.
Widespread electronic distribution is encouraged as long as these
paragraphs are included. But the text of the bulletin and calendar may not
be published in any other form without permission from Sky Publishing
(contact permissions@skypub.com or phone 617-864-7360). For updates of
astronomical news, including active links to related Internet resources,
are available via SKY & TELESCOPE's site on the World Wide Web at
http://www.skypub.com/.

In response to numerous requests, and in cooperation with the Astronomical
League (http://www.mcs.net/~bstevens/al/) and the American Association of
Amateur Astronomers (http://www.corvus.com/), S&T's Weekly News Bulletin
and Sky at a Glance are available via electronic mailing list too. For a
free subscription, send e-mail to skyline@corvus.com and put the word
"join" on the first line of the body of the message. To unsubscribe, send
e-mail to skyline@corvus.com and put the word "unjoin" on the first line of
the body of the message. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
SKY & TELESCOPE, the Essential Magazine of Astronomy, is read by more than
200,000 enthusiasts each month. It is available on newsstands worldwide.
For subscription information, or for a free copy of our catalog of fine
astronomy books and products, please contact Sky Publishing Corp., 49 Bay
State Rd., Cambridge, MA 02138-1200, U.S.A. Phone: 800-253-0245 (U.S. and
Canada); 617-864-7360 (International). Fax: 617-864-6117. E-mail:
custserv@skypub.com. WWW: http://www.skypub.com/. Clear skies!
====================================================================
